hey nurse awesome I was having a chat
with some first semester nursing
students the other day and one of them
said you know Melissa I really don't
feel like I'm learning anything in first
semester i'm certainly not learning how
to be a nurse and I don't even know what
it is that I'm supposed to be doing all
day every single day what exactly is a
role of a nurse in the hospital hmm so
that's a huge question you could follow
five different nurses around every
single day and they would be doing a lot
of different things depending on the
area they were at in the hospital the
one thing you can count on for sure that
they're going to be doing for their
patients is really paying attention to
every single thing that happens for
their patient the real role of the nurse
in the hospital situation is to kind of
be the hub of the wheel the very center
of everything that happens for the
patient so you can think of all of these
ancillary activities going on like
speech therapy or physical therapy maybe
pharmacology or medicine you know what
the doctor is actually doing nutrition
therapy all of that that all kind of
goes around and here's the nurse in the
very middle the other communicator you
are the eyes and ears of the doctor and
you're the person that everyone depends
on to know exactly what's going on with
that patient at all times and what
better person than you i mean the nurse
is the person in the room with the
patient most of the time the physical
therapist you know they're going to read
the chart respiratory they're going to
read the chart they'll come by and see
your patients occasionally but they
don't know your patients the way that
you do you have created this incredible
sacred space with your patient they
depend on you to advocate for them to
provide for their needs while they can't
to protect them you know to make sure
that no bad stuff jumps off while
they're with you while they're in this
really vulnerable place you know they
literally say to you here you know
sku with my life for this minute in time
wow you know that's pretty awesome to be
able to do that every single day so I
hope that you guys can think of yourself
as that hub of the wheel and then all of
those spokes including what the doctor
does kind of come off of that the doctor
depends on you so much there's no way
that he's going to be at the bedside as
much as you talk to the doctor tell him
what's going on let him know don't ever
ever think because you're a first or
second semester nursing student that you
don't know your patient if something
looks wrong say something to someone
because you know you're patient and your
patient is counting on you to talk about
what's going on with their care so hmm
before I get way too emotional about how
important you are as a nurse even though
in first semester doesn't always feel
that way I'm going to sign off I'm going
to start to make some videos about some
kind of complicated concepts in nursing
school first one is going to be about
diabetes mellitus versus insipidus and
then we're going to rap about third
spacing so send me an email that tells
me what you want me to talk about i'm
going to break stuff down into its build
basic parts call some pictures and hope
get your understanding on those days so
I want you guys to keep me nurse awesome
and remember year the hub of that wheel
baby peace y'all have a great day